Add ir frontend doc (#13351)
openvinotoolkit/openvino: src/frontends/ir/docs/support_new_opset.md

> # How to support new OpenVINO opset

Reviewer: ```suggestion
# How to support a new OpenVINO opset
```

> Adding a new opset to the OpenVINO IR Frontend is a very frequent task. When we introduce a new operation set, we must also support it inside the Frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a new opset to the OpenVINO IR Frontend is a very frequent task. When you introduce a new operation set, you must also support it inside the Frontend.
```

> The addition of new opset to OpenVINO IR frontend is a very often task, each time when we introduce new operation set we also need to support it inside the Frontend.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Adding a new opset to the OpenVINO IR frontend is a very frequent task. When we introduce a new operation set, we must also support it inside the Frontend.
```

> You need to add only new line in to the constructor of `InputModelIRImpl` class:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To do this, you need to add a new line to the constructor of the `InputModelIRImpl` class:
```

https://github.com/openvinotoolkit/openvino/blob/5c1ddd32de2ad4f9ec0c2dbc8b256add10896ec3/src/frontends/ir/src/input_model.cpp#L199-L218

> This line should add new opset to `m_opsets` map.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This line should add a new opset to the `m_opsets` map.
```
